Why are you here?
Why can't I come to see my sister-in-law?
Don't take offense, miss
Li Yijie is like this
It's not been a day or two since my mouth stinks
I really envy Mr. Li
I found such a smart and capable female secretary
Let him do everything for you
I'm hiding here
Mr. Li, did I say something wrong?
Sister-in-law, don't you know?
No secretary?
Wife
My company hired a secretary
His name is Wang Xuemei
Nice job. Yeah.
Pretty smart and capable
I heard you never let him interview.
Just make him a secretary
Very much so.
Focus on training
Wife, please rest for a while.
Huangyan
Come out with me
conscious
What do you mean?
It means nothing
I'm just telling the truth
Wang Yuan
You like me?
Right?